README.md, before:

# mdCreator

mdCreator is a Python project. mdCreator can create a README.md file using basic Python functionalities.<br>
mdCreator is connected to the Tenor API to get Gifs.

## Before continuing...

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/0Nom4D/mdCreator?style=flat-square)

This project is under the jurisdiction of the MIT License. Don't do dumb things.<br/>

![Alt Text](https://media.tenor.com/images/4dc761d53f5bad9863d64de1e6cd8db4/tenor.gif)<br/>

### Prerequisites

To use this project, you'll need Python (Version 3.8):

* [Python Installation](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Please refer to this link in order to install ```requests python 3 module```:
* [Python Requests Module Installation](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17309288/importerror-no-module-named-requests)

### Building program

mdCreator is a little Python Script dedicated to help programmers to not spend 4 hours creating a README.md.<br>
Created README.md is perfectly customisable using a .json configuration file.

mdCreator works as it follows:
```
$> mdCreator --pname <Project Name> -l <Project's Main Language>
```

You can have access to every options, you can use ```-h / --help``` option or read the table below.

| Options                   | Action                                            |
| ------------------------- |:-------------------------------------------------:|
| -p / --pname Name         | Project Name                                      |
| -l / --language Language  | Project's Main Language                           |
| -a / --array              | Create a table in your README.md                  |
| -g / --gif [Keywords ...] | Add Gifs corresponding to the keywords you give   |

You can also change the written categories by changing the mdCreator.json configuration file by adding / removing the categories.<br>
Please use the following syntax while adding categories:
```
{
  "authors": {
      "range": 2,
      "title": "My new title",
      "description": "My new description"
  }
}

where
    range is the size of the title to add to the README: 1 is the biggest, 3 is the smallest
```

### Coding Style

mdCreator is developed with Python. There's not a real coding style but I tried being the cleaner possible.

## Authors

* **Arthur Adam** - [0Nom4D](https://github.com/0Nom4D)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/0Nom4D/mdCreator/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

Commit message:

mdCreator - Updating README with informations about conf file and arguments + Adding Signature print to created README files

README.md, after:

# mdCreator

mdCreator is a Python project. mdCreator can create a README.md file using basic Python functionalities.<br>
mdCreator is connected to the Tenor API to get Gifs.

## Before continuing...

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/0Nom4D/mdCreator?style=flat-square)

This project is under the jurisdiction of the MIT License. Don't do dumb things.<br/>

![Alt Text](https://media.tenor.com/images/4dc761d53f5bad9863d64de1e6cd8db4/tenor.gif)<br/>

### Prerequisites

To use this project, you'll need Python (Version 3.8):

* [Python Installation](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Please refer to this link in order to install ```requests python 3 module```:
* [Python Requests Module Installation](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17309288/importerror-no-module-named-requests)

### Building program

mdCreator is a little Python Script dedicated to help programmers to not spend 4 hours creating a README.md.<br>
Created README.md is perfectly customisable using a .json configuration file.

mdCreator works as it follows:

```
$> mdCreator --pname <Project Name> -l <Project's Main Language>
```

You can have access to every options, you can use ```-h / --help``` option or read the table below.

| Options                   | Action                                            |  Mandatory         |
| ------------------------- |:-------------------------------------------------:|:------------------:|
| -p / --pname Name         | Project Name                                      | &#9745;            |
| -l / --language Language  | Project's Main Language                           | &#9745;            |
| -a / --array              | Create a table in your README.md                  | &#9744;            |
| -g / --gif [Keywords ...] | Add Gifs corresponding to the keywords you give   | &#9744;            |

You can also change the written categories by changing the mdCreator.json configuration file by adding / removing the categories.<br>
Please use the following syntax while adding categories:

```
{
  "authors": {
      "range": 2,
      "title": "My new title",
      "description": "My new description"
  }
}

where
    range is the size of the title to add to the README: 1 is the biggest, 3 is the smallest
```

**For more informations about configuration file, please check the [mdCreator wiki](https://github.com/0Nom4D/mdCreator/wiki/Configuration-File)!**

### Coding Style

mdCreator is developed with Python. There's not a real coding style but I tried being the cleaner possible.

## Authors

* **Arthur Adam** - [0Nom4D](https://github.com/0Nom4D)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/0Nom4D/mdCreator/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.
